the best preparation that you can have for going to graduate school is
having good communication skills. So being able to communicate really
effectively both, uh, through writing and through speaking, so oral
and written communication skills or key, Um, knowing kind of what
you want out of graduate school, I think, is a really important component
of success because if you have a good idea of what you want to
get out of, graduate school is going to help you to pick the right
program for you. Um, and having a good support network is really important
to so, so kind of generating a support network, including, you
know, some mentors that you could go to for advice on help along
the way. All of those things can really increase your chances of success
in graduate school, Yeah.